Adjust guidance for forms in Modal (#2072)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/modal/partials/code/how-to-use.md

### Form within a Modal dialog

If a Modal dialog presents a form, the initial focus should be set on the first input, as the first focusable element in the form. This can be achieved by setting the `autofocus` property on the first form input.

> We recommend placing the `<form>` element in the `Hds::Modal::Body` subcomponent and associating it to the submit button using the `form` attribute, as shown below.

Reviewer: Is this a recommendation or a "requirement" to work correctly? If the latter, maybe we could use a more direct language, something like this (feel free to edit/adapt)?

```suggestion
The `<form>` element should be placed in the `Hds::Modal::Body` subcomponent. We also recommend to associate it to the submit button using the `form` attribute, as shown below.
```

Author: sounds clearer – will update

      Why do you want to leave the beta?
    </M.Header>
    <M.Body>
      <form
        id="leaving-beta-form"

>         {{on "submit" (fn this.deactivateModal "formModalActive")}}

Reviewer: to avoid confusion, could it make sense to create another function in the backing class, called `submitForm` and use it here? (even if technically what it does, for the purpose of the demo, is still deactivate the modal)

Author: sure, will do so
